Update documentation (#1422)
CodeGra-de/CodeGra.de: docs/guides/setting-up-unittest.rst

Setting up Unit Tests
=====================

The Unit Test runs a unit testing framework that produces a `JUnit XML
<https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSQ2R2_14.2.0/com.ibm.rsar.analysis.codereview.cobol.doc/topics/cac_useresults_junit.html>`__
file with the results of the tests at a location stored in the
``$CG_JUNIT_XML_LOCATION`` environment variable.

The resulting score of this test is the fraction of successful tests divided by
the total number of tests that were run, multiplied by the **weight** of the
test.

1. Press the ":fa:`plus` **Unit Test**" button to add a new Unit Test test to
   your Test Category.

2. Enter the command that will run your test suite. The command should write

>    a JUnit XML file to the location givey in the ``$CG_JUNIT_XML_LOCATION``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   a JUnit XML file to the location given in the ``$CG_JUNIT_XML_LOCATION``
```

   environment variable.

Compatibility scripts
---------------------

For most unit testing frameworks it is necessary to install additional software
and to figure out how to make the framework output its results to the correct
location. We provide wrapper scripts for a growing list of frameworks at our
`AutoTest Examples <https://github.com/CodeGra-de/AutoTest-examples>`__ GitHub
repository that handle all of this for you. Is your preferred testing framework

> not listed or does a script not work as you need it to? Please send an e-mail

Reviewer: ```suggestion
not listed or does a script not work as you need it to? Please send an email
```

Author: When I looked it up a while ago "e-mail" seemed to be the preferred spelling, but now I'm not so sure anymore. Anyway, we use both forms throughout our documentation, so we'd also have to correct it in other places whichever form we choose. I prefer e-mail over email, though.

Reviewer: email is most used in English (in Dutch it's e-mail or mail), so I prefer using email, but I really don't care so much.

Author: Yeah it really depends on who you ask. But didn't care that much either, so I've changed it to `email`. There's still a lot of occurrences of `e-mail` in the application. Should we change those in this PR as well, or leave that for some time later?

> to `support@codegra.de <mailto:support@codegra.de>`__ so we can discuss the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to `support@codegrade.com <mailto:support@codegrade.com>`__ so we can discuss the
```
We now use the .com email, so it also comes in our ticketing system correctly.

Author: We still used the .de domain everywhere else in the docs so I kept it. Went through all documentation and replaced all occurrences of `codegra.de` with `codegrade.com`, except for the https://fs-docs.codegra.de links, as https://fs-docs.codegrade.com still doesn't work.
